There's been speculation that I was
involved in the events that occurred
on the freeway
and the rooftop...
Sorry, Mr. Stark, do you
honestly expect us to believe that
that was a
bodyguard in a suit...
It is one thing to question the
official story, and another thing entirely
to make wild accusations, or
insinuate that I'm a superhero.
I mean, let's face it,
I'm not the heroic type.
A laundry list of
character defects,
all the mistakes I've
made, largely public.
The truth is
I am Iron Man.
Vanya.
The notary's here!
Can you please come
sign the transfer paperwork?
I'm on happy time.
- Sorry.
- What the hell was that?
It's called mixed martial arts.
It's been around
for three weeks.
It's called dirty boxing.
There's nothing new about it.
All right, put them up. Come on.
I promise you this is the only time I
will ask you to sign over your company.
I need you to initial each box.
Lesson one.
Never take your eye off...
That's it. I'm done.
What's your name, lady?
Rushman.
Natalie Rushman.
Front and center.
Come into the church.
No. You're seriously
not gonna ask...
If it pleases the court,
which it does.
It's no problem.
I'm sorry. He's very eccentric.
What?
Can you give her a lesson?
No problem.
Pepper.
What?
Who is she?
She is from legal.
And she is potentially a very
expensive sexual harassment lawsuit
if you keep
ogling her like that.
I need a new assistant, boss.
Yes, and I've got three
excellent potential candidates.
They're lined up and
ready to meet you.
I don't have time to meet.
I need someone now. I feel like it's her.
No, it's not.
- You ever boxed before?
- I have, yes.
What, like, the Tae Bo? Booty Boot Camp?
Crunch? Something like that?
How do I spell
your name, Natalie?
R-U-S-H-M-A-N.
What, are you gonna
google her now?
Hmm? I thought I was ogling her.
Oh, wow.
Very, very impressive individual.
You're so predictable,
you know that?
She's fluent in French,
Italian, Russian, Latin.
- Who speaks Latin?
- No one speaks Latin.
It's a dead language.
No one speaks Latin?
You can read Latin
or you can write Latin,
- but you can't speak Latin...
- Did you model in Tokyo?
- 'Cause she modeled in Tokyo.
- Well...
I need her.
She's got everything that I need.
Rule number one, never take
your eye off your opponent.
- Oh, my God!
- Whoa!
Happy!
- That's what I'm talking about.
- I just slipped.
- You did?
- Yeah.
Looks like a TKO to me.
Just... I need your impression.
You have a quiet reserve.
I don't know, you have an old soul.
I meant your fingerprint.
Right.
So, how are we doing?
Great. Just wrapping up. Hey.
You're the boss.
Will that be all, Mr. Stark?
- No.
- Yes, that will be all, Ms. Rushman.
Thank you very much.
- I want one.
- No.
You know, it's Europe.
Whatever happens the next 20 minutes,
- just go with it.
- Go with it? Go with what?
- Mr. Stark?
- Hey.
Hello. How was your flight?
It was excellent.
Boy, it's nice to see you.
We have one photographer
from the ACM, if you don't mind.
- Okay?
- Mmm-hmm.
When did this happen?
What? You made me do it.
I made you do what?
You quit. Smile.
Look right there.
Stop acting constipated.
- Don't flare your nostrils.
- You are so predictable.
- That's the amazing thing.
- Right this way.
- You look fantastic.
- Why, thank you very much.
But that's unprofessional.
What's on the docket?
You have a 9:30 dinner.
- Perfect. I'll be there at 11:00.
- Absolutely.
- Is this us?
- It can be.
- Great. Make it us.
- Okay.
Mr. Musk. How are you?
Hi, Pepper.
- Congratulations on the promotion.
- Thank you very much.
Elon, how's it going?
Those Merlin engines are fantastic.
Thank you. Yeah, I've got
an idea for an electric jet.
- You do?
- Yeah.
Then we'll make it work.
- You want a massage?
- Oh, God.
- No, I don't want a massage.
- I'll have Natalie make an...
- I don't want Natalie to do...
- Don't want you tense.
By the way, I didn't
mean to spring this on you.
Thank you very much.
- Green is not your best color.
- Oh, please.
Anthony! Is that you?
- Hey, pal.
- My least favorite person on Earth.
- Justin Hammer.
- How you doing?
You're not the only rich
guy here with a fancy car.
You know Christine Everhart
from Vanity Fair.
- You guys know each other?
- Hi.
- Yes.
- Yes!
- Yes, roughly.
- We do.
BTW, big story. The new CEO of
Stark Industries. Congratulations.
I know. I know.
My editor will kill me
if I don't grab a quote for
our Powerful Women issue.
- Can I?
- Oh! Sure.
She's actually doing a big
spread on me for Vanity Fair.
- I thought I'd throw her a bone, you know.
- Right.
- Right?
- Yes.
Well, she did quite a
spread on Tony last year.
And she wrote a story as well.
It was very impressive.
That was good.
- Very well done.
- Thank you.
- I'm gonna go wash.
- Don't leave me.
- Hey, buddy. How you doing?
- I'm all right.
- Looking gorgeous.
- Please, this is tough.
Can I ask you...
Is this the first time...
Fromage.
- Say, "Brie."
- ...that you guys have seen each other?
God, that's so awful.
Listen, is it the first time you've
seen each other since the Senate?
Since he got his
contract revoked...
Actually, it's on hold.
...when you were
attempting to...
That's not what I heard.
What's the difference between "hold"
- and "canceled"? The truth?
- Yes, what is?
No. The truth is...
Why don't we put that away?
The truth is, I'm actually hoping
to present something at your Expo.
Well, if you invent
something that works,
I'll make sure I get you a slot.
Mr. Stark?
- Yes?
- Your corner table is ready.
I actually have a slot this year.
Yes, I do.
Hammer needs a slot, Christine.
We kid, yeah.
We kid. We're kidders.
Got any other bad ideas?
Tony!
Tony and I... Tony...
I love Tony Stark.
Tony loves me.
We're not competitors.
Him being out of the picture
created tremendous opportunities
for Hammer Industries, you know?
Everything that Tony and I do...
Well, what's the
use of having...
...is a healthy...
...and owning a race car...
...competition.
...if you don't drive it?
Is he driving?
Natalie. Natalie!
- Yes, Miss Potts?
- Did you know about this?
This is the first that
I have known of it.
This... This cannot happen.
Absolutely. I understand.
How can I help you?
- Where's Happy?
- He's waiting outside.
- Okay, get him. I need Happy.
- Right away.
Tony's... You know, he...
We're not competitive.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know,
can you excuse
me just one second?
Just read me what you wrote.
- I will. I will, after.
- Just read it back to me.
But I have to make
one quick phone call.
- Where are you going?
- This is great.
- I've got some caviar coming.
- This is great stuff.
- I'll be right back.
- Look!
That's Stark.
Go, go!
Hang on.
- Give me the case.
- Here. Take it.
- Where's the key?
- It's in my pocket.
Car!
Oh, my God!
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Were you heading for me or him?
I was trying to scare him.
'Cause I can't tell!
Are you out of your mind?
- Better security.
- Get in the car right now!
I was attacked!
We need better security.
Get in the car!
You're CEO. Better security measures.
God, it's embarrassing.
First vacation in two years.
Oh, my God!
I got him!
Hit him again. Hit him again.
Football.
I got him!
Take the case! Take it!
- Take the case!
- Give him the case!
Stop banging the car!
Calm down.
God! God!
Give me the case!
Please! Come on!
You...
You lose.
You lose. You lose, Stark.
Thank you.
You're very welcome.
Our dearest friend banished,
Loki on the throne,
Asgard on the brink of war,
yet you've managed to consume
four wild boar, six pheasant,
a side of beef,
and two casks of ale.
Shame on you. Don't you care?
Do not mistake my
appetite for apathy!
Stop it, both of you!
Stop.
We all know what we have to do.
We must go.
We must find Thor.
It's treason.
To hell with treason,
it's suicide.
Thor would do the same for us.
Now shush.
Heimdall might be watching.
Heimdall demands your presence.
We're doomed.
You would defy the
commands of Loki, our king,
break every oath you
have taken as warriors,
and commit treason
to bring Thor back?
- Yes.
- Good.
So you'll help us?
I am bound by honor to our king.
I cannot open the bridge to you.
Complicated fellow, isn't he?
Now what do we do?
Look!
- What the hell was that?
- I don't know, sir.
We got massive energy
readings out of nowhere
and then they just disappeared.
Fifteen miles due northwest.
Let's go take a look.
Mom?
Is there a
Renaissance Fair in town?
Call it in.
Yeah.
Base, we've got Xena,
Jackie Chan, and Robin Hood.
It's a beautiful theory, Jane.
But you won't be
able to convince
the scientific
community of any of it.
Not without hard evidence.
Found you!
My friends!
This is good! This is good.
I don't believe it.
Oh, excuse me.
Lady Sif and the Warriors Three.
My friends,
I've never been
happier to see anyone.
But you should not have come.
We're here to take you home.
You know I can't go home.
My father
is dead because of me.
And I must remain in exile.
Thor,
your father still lives.
Ensure my brother
does not return.
Destroy everything.
Pretty decent tech.
Cycles per second were a little low.
You could have
doubled up your rotations.
You focused the repulsor energy
through ionized plasma channels.
It's effective.
Not very efficient.
But it's a passable knock-off.
I don't get it.
A little fine tuning,
you could have made
a solid paycheck.
You could have sold it to
North Korea, China, Iran,
or gone right to
the black market.
You look like you got
friends in low places.
You come from a family
of thieves and butchers.
And now, like all guilty men,
you try to rewrite
your own history.
And you forget all the lives
the Stark family has destroyed.
Speaking of thieves, where
did you get this design?
My father. Anton Vanko.
Well, I never heard of him.
My father is the
reason you're alive.
The reason I'm alive is 'cause you
had a shot, you took it, you missed.
Did I?
If you can make God bleed,
the people will cease
to believe in him.
And there will be blood in the water.
And the sharks will come.
The truth, all I have to
do is sit here and watch
as the world will consume you.
Where will you be watching
the world consume me from?
That's right. A prison cell.
I'll send you a bar of soap.
Hey, Tony. Before you go,
palladium in the chest,
painful way to die.
It's just unbelievable. It proves
that the genie is out of the bottle
and this man has no
idea what he's doing.
He thinks of the Iron
Man weapon as a toy.
I was at a hearing where
Mr. Stark, in fact, was adamant
that these suits can't
exist anywhere else,
don't exist anywhere else,
never will exist anywhere else,
at least for five to 10 years,
and here we are
in Monaco realizing,
"Uh-oh. These suits exist now."
Mute.
He should be giving me a medal.
That's the truth.
What is that?
This is your in-flight meal.
Did you just make that?
Yeah. Where do you think
I've been for three hours?
Tony,
what are you not telling me?
I don't want to go home.
At all.
Let's cancel my
birthday party and...
We're in Europe.
Let's go to Venice, Cipriani.
- Remember?
- Oh, yes.
It's a great place to
be healthy.
I don't think this
is the right time.
We're in kind of a mess.
Yeah, but maybe that's
why it's the best time.
'Cause then we...
Well, I think as the CEO,
I need to show up.
As CEO, you are
entitled to a leave.
- A leave?
- A company retreat.
A retreat?
During a time like this?
Just a ride.
Well, I'm just saying, to recharge
our batteries and figure it all out.
Not everybody runs
on batteries, Tony.
Yes, but the fundamentals of the
company are still very, very strong
- despite the events in Monaco.
- Yes, of course.
The AP wants a quote.
Don't tell him. Fax them...
Where is he?
- He doesn't want to be disturbed.
- He's downstairs.
- ...what happened in Monaco?
- Yes, but...
But his continuing
erratic behavior
may lead many people
to ask themselves,
"Can this man still protect us?"
Iron Man never
stopped protecting us.
The events in
Monaco proved that.
Query complete, sir.
Anton Vanko was
a Soviet physicist
who defected to the
United States in 1963.
However, he was accused of
espionage and was deported in 1967.
His son, Ivan, who
is also a physicist,
was convicted of
selling Soviet-era
weapons-grade
plutonium to Pakistan,
and served 15 years
in Kopeisk prison.
No further records exist.
Tony, you gotta get upstairs
and get on top of
this situation right now.
Listen. I've been on the phone
with the National Guard all day,
trying to talk them out of
rolling tanks up the PCH,
knocking down your
front door and taking these.
They're gonna take your suits, Tony, okay?
They're sick of the games.
You said nobody else would
possess this technology for 20 years.
Well, guess what?
Somebody else had it yesterday.
It's not theoretical anymore.
Are you listening to me?
Are you okay?
Let's go.
Hey, man.
Hey, hey!
- You all right?
- Yeah, I should get to my desk.
See that cigar box?
Yeah.
It's palladium.
Is that supposed to be smoking?
If you must know,
it's neutron damage.
It's from the reactor wall.
You had this in your body?
And how about the high-tech
crossword puzzle on your neck?
Road rash.
Thank you.
What are you looking at?
I'm looking at you.
You wanna do this
whole lone gunslinger act
and it's unnecessary.
You don't have to do this alone.
You know, I wish I
could believe that.
I really do.
But you've gotta trust me.
Contrary to popular belief,
I know exactly what I'm doing.
Do you know which watch you'd
like to wear tonight, Mr. Stark?
I'll give them a look.
I should cancel the party, huh?
Probably.
Yeah. Cause it's, um...
Ill-timed.
Right, sends the wrong message.
Inappropriate.
Is that dirty enough for you?
Gold face, brown band.
The Jaeger. I'll give that a look.
Bring them over here.
I'll take that. Why don't you...
I gotta say it.
It's hard to get a read on you.
Where are you from?
Legal.
Can I ask you a
question, hypothetically?
Bit odd.
If this was your last birthday
party you were ever gonna have,
how would you celebrate it?
I'd do whatever I wanted to do
with whoever I
wanted to do it with.
♪ California
Knows how to party
Good evening.
Yes, sir, I understand.
No. No, sir, that will not be necessary.
I'll handle it.
Sir, I personally guarantee
that within 24 hours,
Iron Man will be back on watch.
♪ We keep it rockin'
We keep it rockin' ♪
Hey, Pepper.
I'm...
I'm going to go get some air.
What's wrong?
I don't know what to do.
You gotta be kidding me.
That's it. I'm making...
No, no, no. Don't call anyone.
Pepper. This is ridiculous.
I just stuck my neck out for this guy.
I know. I know. I get it.
I'm gonna handle it, okay?
Just let me handle it.
Handle it. Or I'm gonna have to.
You know, the question
I get asked most often is,
"Tony, how do you go to
the bathroom in the suit?"
Just like that.
Does this guy know how
to throw a party or what?
I love you.
Unbelievable! Thank you so much.
Tony, we all thank you so
much for such a wonderful night.
And we're gonna
say good night now,
and thank you all for coming.
No, no, no, we can't...
Wait, wait, wait.
We didn't have the cake.
We didn't blow out the candles.
You're out of control, okay?
Trust me on this one, okay?
You're out of control, gorgeous.
It's time to go to bed.
It's time.
- Give me another smooch.
- You're not going to be
- happy about this.
- Come on, you know you want to.
You just peed the suit.
- I know. It has a filtration system.
- It's not sexy.
You could drink that water.
Just send everybody home, okay?
It's time to...
- If you say so.
- Okay.
I'll take this, you take that.
Pepper Potts.
She's right. The party's over.
Then again, the party was over
for me, like, an hour and a half ago.
The after-party
starts in 15 minutes!
And if anybody, Pepper,
doesn't like it, there's the door.
Yeah!
Hit!
Pull!
I think she wants the Gallagher!
I'm only gonna say this once.
Get out.
You don't deserve to wear one of these.
Shut it down!
Goldstein.
Yes, Mr. Stark?
Give me a phat beat to
beat my buddy's ass to.
I told you to shut it down.
Now, put that thing back where
you found it before someone gets hurt.
Really?
Sorry, pal, but Iron Man
doesn't have a sidekick.
Sidekick this!
Had enough?
- Natalie!
- Miss Potts.
Don't you "Miss Potts" me!
I'm on to you.
You know what?
Ever since you came here...
Pepper!
Get out of here.
You want it?
Take it!
Put your hand down.
You think you got what
it takes to wear that suit?
We don't have to do this, Tony.
You wanna be the War
Machine, take your shot.
- Put it down!
- You gonna take a shot?
- No!
- Drop it, Tony!
- Take it!
Edwards Tower, this is
Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes,
inbound from three
miles east at 5,000 feet...
Colonel.
Major.
Wow.
Yeah.
Let's take it inside.
Clear the area.
Tell me, Loki, how did you
get the Jotuns into Asgard?
You think the Bifrost is the
only way in and out of this realm?
There are secret paths
between the worlds
to which even you, with
all your gifts, are blind.
But I have need of them
no longer, now that I am king.
And I say, for
your act of treason,
you are relieved of your
duties as Gatekeeper,
and no longer citizen of Asgard.
Then I need no longer obey you.
Get somebody from
Linguistics down here.
Was somebody else coming?
Is that one of Stark's?
I don't know.
The guy never tells me anything.
Hello.
You are using unregistered
weapons technology.
Identify yourself.
Here we go.
Incoming!
Jane, you have to leave.
What are you gonna do?
I'm staying here.
Thor's going to fight with us!
My friends,
I'm just a man.
I'll only be in the way,
or worse, get one of you killed.
But I can help get
these people to safety.
Well, if you're staying,
then so am I.
We'll need some time.
You'll have it!
Okay, move it, people!
Everybody out!
Use the back door.
Go, hurry! You can eat later.
Keep it distracted.
For Asgard!
Fall back!
Go. Now. Run!
Sif. Sif, you've
done all you can.
No. I will die
a warrior's death.
Stories will be
told of this day.
Live, and tell those
stories yourself.
Now go.
You must return to Asgard.
You have to stop Loki.
What about you?
Do not worry, my friends.
I have a plan.
Come on.
We need to fall back. Come on.
Wait!
What's he doing?
Brother, whatever I
have done to wrong you,
whatever I have done
to lead you to do this,
I am truly sorry.
But these people are innocent.
Taking their lives
will gain you nothing.
So take mine
and end this.
No.
It's over.
No. It's not over.
I mean, you're safe.
We're safe.
It's over.
No.
We're spiking.
Levels increase!
Whosoever holds this hammer,
if he be worthy,
shall possess the power of Thor.
Jane!
No. No. No!
Come!
So, is this how
you normally look?
More or less.
We must go to the Bifrost site.
I would have words
with my brother.
Excuse me!
Donald?
I don't think you've been
completely honest with me.
Know this,
Son of Coul.
You and I, we fight for the same
cause, the protection of this world.
From this day forward, you
can count me as your ally
if you return the items
you have taken from Jane.
- Stolen.
- Borrowed.
Of course, you can have
your equipment back.
You're gonna need it to
continue your research.
Would you like to see
the bridge we spoke of?
Sure.
Wait, I need to debrief you!
Welcome to Asgard.
Heimdall, open the Bifrost.
Heimdall?
Heimdall!
He doesn't answer.
Then we are stranded.
Heimdall!
If you can hear me, we need you now!
Heimdall! We need you now!
Heimdall!
I must go back to Asgard,
but I give you my word,
I will return for you.
Deal?
Deal.
Sir! I'm gonna have to
ask you to exit the donut.
I told you I don't wanna join
your super-secret boy band.
No, no, no. See, I remember,
you do everything yourself.
How's that working out for you?
It's... It's... It's...
I'm sorry.
I don't wanna get off on the wrong foot.
Do I look at the
patch or the eye?
Honestly, I'm a bit hung over.
I'm not sure if you're
real or if I'm having...
I am very real.
I'm the realest person
you're ever gonna meet.
Just my luck.
Where's the staff here?
That's not looking so good.
I've been worse.
We've secured the perimeter,
but I don't think we should
hold it for too much longer.
Huh!
You're... fired.
That's not up to you.
Tony, I want you to
meet Agent Romanoff.
- Hi.
- I'm a S.H.I.E.L.D. shadow.
Once we knew you were ill,
I was tasked to you by Director Fury.
I suggest you apologize.
You've been very busy.
You made your girl your CEO,
you're giving away all your stuff.
You let your friend
fly away with your suit.
Now, if I didn't know better...
You don't know better.
I didn't give it to him. He took it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. He took it?
You're Iron Man
and he just took it?
The little brother walked in there,
kicked your ass and took your suit?
Is that possible?
Well, according to Mr. Stark's
database security guidelines,
there are redundancies to
prevent unauthorized usage.
What do you want from me?
What do we want from you?
Uh-uh.
What do you want from me?
You have become a problem,
a problem I have to deal with.
Contrary to your belief, you
are not the center of my universe.
I have bigger problems than you
in the southwest
region to deal with.
Hit him.
Oh, God, are you gonna
steal my kidney and sell it?
Could you please not do
anything awful for five seconds?
What did she just do to me?
What did we just do for you?
That's lithium dioxide.
It's gonna take the edge off.
We're trying to get
you back to work.
Give me a couple of boxes of that.
I'll be right as rain.
It's not a cure, it just
abates the symptoms.
Doesn't look like it's
gonna be an easy fix.
Trust me, I know.
I'm good at this stuff.
I've been looking for a suitable
replacement for palladium.
I've tried every combination, every
permutation of every known element.
Well, I'm here to tell you,
you haven't tried them all.